Updated bare metal install for coreos-installer (#25709)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc

you must create {op-system} machines for it to use. Follow either the steps
to use an ISO image or network PXE booting to create the machines.

> There are several methods of configuring RHCOS during ISO and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several methods of configuring {op-system} during ISO and
```
